RPG logic:

Name
Age - will affect stats
build - skinny (less stength, more agility), typical (no aditional attributes), muscular (more stength, less agility)
background - Urchin, tradesman, guild-member
demenor - noble, underhanded, True Neutrel
token tool - knife, rope, hammer

stats:

Strength
agility
charisma

Plot:

The personThe player is set before the local baron whos daughter is ill with a blood curse after touching a piece of hexed jewelry.
 The baron is aware of an artefact in one of the local cave systems which has been untouched due to the residing goblins and other denziens. 
The player has answered the call for [demenor reason] and the promise of reward. 

The player will meet the baron privately over a low fire, they are invited in and sit in an opposing chair. They will be interviewed to build the character and then concluded they will set off.

scene 1:

The player arrives at the cave flanked by trees. There is a goblin asleep at the entrance and armed with a spear. what do:
1. Sneak past him (agility check)
    On Pass:
        The goblin is clearly there under duress and not really paying attention. Taking advantage of this, you use you agility to sneak past the goblin leaving completely unaware of 
        your presence.
    On Fail:
        You attempt to move stealthly past the goblin but trip on a bush. The audible russle alert the goblin and he turns around, spear drawn. 
        Pick another option
2. Run at him and beat him up (stength check)
    On Pass:
        You walk, then you run at the goblin. The goblin caught unaware by this act of sheer bravado stands dumb founded as you approach. With on single, mightly swing you knock
        out the goblin cold. You hide the unconcoious goblin in a bush and move into the cave.
    On Fail: 
        You begin to run over to the goblin who is not expecting such an act of boldness. You ready you fists to prepare the beatdown and close the distance to take a swing. You fists make 
        contact. The goblin however takes the punches in their stride and once they shruged of the opening flurry, they manage the spear to bear in your direction. With the gap closed ,
        the goblin lands a piercing blow, leaving you with a wound. Another would spell your doom. 
        Wound == True
        Pick another option    
3. Walk over to him and try to start a conversation (charisma)
        You position yourself squarely in via of the goblin. From the distance, the goblin looks confused - likely not used to such approaches from the locals. As you get closer, 
        the goblin brings their spear to bear towards you. You draw closer and begin to talk to them:
        What do you talk to them about?
            You establish a warm greeting and simply ask to be let past.
                (Peak charisma required)
                Assuming the direct approach is best, you simply say hello to the goblin. The face of the goblin betrays confusion.
                "Hello?" The goblin responds cautiously.
                "I have business inside this cave and require to be let past." You proclaim confidently. The goblin visibly recoils, not acustomed to be talked to in such a manner.
                Against all odds, the goblin simply steps aside. 
                You enter the cave.
            You explain you are here to sell high-quality wears to their leader.
                You approach the goblin with you bag at the forefront. Your throat is cleared, "I am hear with wares for your leader and will on speak to them exclusivly.
            You reveal the class struggle between the goblin proletarite and the monarchical bourgoise and how their role is exploited by the goblin elites to perpetuate the status quo.

4. Use tool to subdue
    if token_tool = hammer:
        bonk
    if token_tool = knife:
        if stength is high:
            goblin surrenders
    if token tool is rope:
        lasso

If win:
text
If fail:
One other option to try.
If that fails:
The goblin stabs them with the spear and they die.


scene 2:

The player approaches a corridor which measures approx 30 ft long. It is lit dimly by burning torchs. At the end of the corridor you can
see a thick wooden door which has 3 bolts on it. 
The floor and walls are damp with moisture. You hear the dull mumur of goblins behind the door. 

Options:
1. Stroll over to the door  
    How would you like to walk over to the door?
        Like a boss
            As you walk over to the door, you hear a click under foot and to your right you see a large boulder swing towards you.
                *make Agility check*
                On Pass:
                    You dodge the boulder and it crashes loudly into the other side of the corridor. 
                    You use you mass to 'catch' the boulder in its path and push it out of your way, remaining unscathed
                On Fail:
                    The boulder catches you unaware and hits you square in the chest. It has imparted a wound. Another injury will surely be your end.    
        Like a human
            If Tradesman or Guilds-man == True:
                As you make your way across the corridor, you begin to critque the goblin ways of building. The boring of the cave is sloppy,
                the torchs are poorly made and the floor uneven. By extention of this critque your gaze is drawn to the floor where you see a raised plate attached to a cord 
                leading to a large stone boulder. You opt to step over this plate, fearing the result.
            If not Tradesman or Guild-man:
                You stroll across the corridor towards the door at the far end. You pay little heed to the pressure plate on the floor which depresses into the floor once bearing your weight. You here a 'click' as a hefty boulder flys towards your person.
                    if *high agility*
                        Using your agility , you manage to dodge the boulder by a hair with the rock making a large crash.
                            Presence_known == True
                    else
                        The boulder slams into your body, cracking bones as it leaves a lasting injury.
                            Wounded == True          
            
        Like a sloth
            If Urchin:
                Your history of living on street has taught you to move methodically and a cave is no different. Expecting the worst, you move slowly through the corridor.
                You find a pressure plate in the floor linked to a stone boulder pivoted to cause maximum damage. You step over the trap and continue to the door silently.
                    If tool == knife:
                        Disable trap?
                            if yes:
                                 You take the knife and carefully diable the rope holding the mechanism in place. 
                            Else:
                                You opt to move on without diabling the trap.

            else:
                You move along the corridor is excrusiating care and deliberating pace. You note that the cave is not a natural formation for the most part and has been widen using crude tool. The moisure on the walls appears to have formed based on inadeqate air flow. Your focus on the door yields the beleif that the door is reguarly repaired for whatever reason. 
                However, the dim light of the corridor does not illuminate the ground where a careless foot depressed a pressure plate. With a 'click' the plate releases a large boulder to your side.
                    if *high agility*
                        Using your agility , you manage to dodge the boulder by a hair with the rock making a large crash.
                            Presence_known == True
                    else
                        The boulder slams into your body, cracking bones as it leaves a lasting injury.
                            Wounded == True

2. You reach the door. Before you stands a door clad in steel banding. From you postion the door appears to be in good state of repair with timbers that show signs of age. 
The door has 3 dead bolts spaced evenly apart. The area, compared the corridor en-large, is well-lit and all bolts can be seen clearly.
    What do:
        1. Examine the bolts closely:   
            Time is taken to properly investigate the bolts.
                The top bolt appears made of brass and is covered in a large quantity of small scratches. The sheen is dull, denoting this bolt has been here some time. 
                The middle bolt appears to be made of iron. Rust has begun to form on the edges of the mechanism. 
                The bottom bolt looks to be made of wood. The grain shows signs of being recently installed.      


scene 3:

Sneaking through the goblin base.
    1. As you proceed through the door, a smell unlike any other hit you with full force. One of unwashed masses, poor sanitation couple with hints of roasting pork. If there was any doubt this was the goblin's base of operation, they have now been put to rest.
    The room opens up into 3 areas: A winding corridor to the North, A curtain leading to a room West and The wooden door to the East:
    How would you like to proceed:
        East:
            If Presence_known == False:
                You open the curtain to find a pair of goblins asleep, their snores ring throughout the chamber. They lie undisturbed by your presence.
                    Leave the room
                    investigate the room
                    incapacitate the goblins
            If Presence_known:
                You open the curtain to the room and find the area empty. On the floor, lies several piles of straw arranged into sleep bedding. There is shelves to the left which are empty. The room is dimly lit by a torch to the right. 
        West: 
                You pull the curtain to reveal an array of stoves with pots and cauldreons bubbling away to the left hand side. The kitchen appear devioud of any life. To the right there is serveral counter with knives, spoons and other untensiles likely used for cooking. To the cetner there is a dining table, approc 10 ft in length.




scene 4:

Finding the artefact. 






